=cut
########################################################################
#  $Id$
#
#  $Rev::                                    $:  # Revision of last commit.
#  $LastChangedBy::                          $:  # Author of last commit. 
#  $LastChangedDate::                        $:  # Date of last commit.
#
#  Authors: 
#         Michelle Gower (mgower@ncsa.uiuc.edu)
#         Darren Adams (dadams@ncsa.uiuc.edu)
#
#  Developed at: 
#  The National Center for Supercomputing Applications (NCSA)
#  with useful conversations with Jordi Cohen and Jim Phillips from the
#  Theoretical and Computation Biophysics Group at the University
#  of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign.
#
#  Copyright (C) 2007 Board of Trustees of the University of Illinois. 
#  All rights reserved.
#
#  DESCRIPTION:
#
#######################################################################
=pod

=head1 NAME

desstat - Display status of running DES workflow or historical summaries.

=head1 SYNOPSIS

B<desstat> [ B<OPTIONS> ]

B<desstat> -S<[B<-h>] [B<-v>] [B<-u> I<username>|I<-allusers>] [B<-err>] [B<-l>|B<-s>] [I<nite runid>|I<jobid>]>

=head1 DESCRIPTION

B<desstat> Displays status of the jobs that compose a running  DES workflow.  Information is
gathered from both the active jobs in the Condor queue and log files.

=head1 OPTIONS

B<desstat> accepts the following command line options:

=over 4

=item -err

Show hold reason for jobs in the Condor I<hold> state.

=item -h, -help

Print usage information and exit.

=item -l, -long

Format results in I<long> format, displaying status information for every job.

=item -s, -summary

Format results using a brief I<summary> format.

=item -u, -user

Specify a user name to use as a filter.

=item -v, -version

Display version information and exit. 

=back
